Overhaul documentation and add contributing guide (#86)
executablebooks/github-activity: docs/use.md

# User guide

These sections describe how to control the major functionality of this tool.

## Generate a markdown changelog

> 

Reviewer: Is the expectation that a user should be able to follow this from top to bottom the first time they use this tool? If so I think mentioning the need for a GitHub token first would be helpful since it's mandatory
https://github.com/executablebooks/github-activity/blob/1ce5486df300e4b6be88753fccb891f09790f9b2/github_activity/github_activity.py#L159-L168

```

### Split PRs by tags and prefixes

Often you wish to split your PRs into multiple categories so that they are easier
to scan and parse. You may also _only_ want to keep some PRs (e.g. features, or API
changes) while excluding others from your changelog.

`github-activity` uses the GitHub tags as well as PR prefixes to automatically
categorize each PR and display it in a section in your markdown. It roughly
follows the [keepachangelog taxonomy of changes](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

Below is a list of the supported PR types, as well as the tags / title prefixes
that will be used to identify the right category.

```{include} _build/dirhtml/tags_list.txt
```

```{tip}
You can choose to *remove* some types of PRs from your changelog by passing the
`--tags` parameter in the CLI. This is a list of a subset of names taken from the
left-most column above.
```

## Use a GitHub API token

`github-activity` uses the GitHub API to pull information about a repository's activity.

> You will quickly hit your API limit unless you use a personal access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will quickly hit your API limit so you must use a personal access or API token.
```

There are two ways that you can generate your own access token for use with `github-activity`, each is described below:

### Create a token using the GitHub CLI

You can use [the GitHub command line interface](https://cli.github.com/manual/) to authenticate your account and store an access token in your local environment.
To do so, download the GitHub CLI, and run the following command:

```bash
# Authenticate with GitHub via the web interface
gh auth login --web
```

This will open a web interface for you to authenticate.
When finished, it will store an access token locally, which you can print with:

```bash
# Print an access token if it is stored
gh auth status -t
```

This token will automatically be used by `github-activity` if it exists.

### Manually create your own API token

> Alternativelly, you can create your own GitHub access token and store it yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can create your own GitHub access token and store it yourself.
```

To do so, follow these steps:

- Create your own access token. Go to the [new GitHub access token page](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new)
  and follow the instructions. Note that while working with a public repository,
  you don't need to set any scopes on the token you create.
- When using `github-activity` from the command line, use the `--auth` parameter and pass
  in your access token. This is easiest if you set it as an **environment variable**,

>   such as `MY_ACCESS_TOKEN`. You can then add it to your call like so:

Reviewer: From a security perspective, especially on a shared system, it's safer to set the `GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN` env-var instead of passing secrets on the command line
